1,000 times! You can eat that much!
That's pretty good, right?
Anyway, Mr. Xu
As long as you are not short of money
Don't buy this thing until it's 900 times lower
Mr. Ye, I listen to you
Anyway, our family is not short of money for the time being
Oh, right.
Do you know that Haijiang Village in Hexi
Haijiang Village is right
I know this is the closest place to watch the Wang family
They didn't talk about the price.
And also wounded a few people
Want to buy and sell
It's all over the place now
What's wrong, Mr. Ye?
I'm going to buy this bottle of wine.
Mr. Li, you plan to compete with the Wang family for land
Why not?
Okay, that's fine
But this Wang family is a bit difficult to deal with
You robbed them of the land they were bound to gain
They definitely won't be fooled into doing it.
Didn't you say it too?
That Wang Kuan ARTISTRY must report
Why don't you just be crisp?
One doesn't do two
Go their way
Let them have nowhere to go
Oops this
If this king minister knew about his precious son
Because a woman has offended
Mr. Ye, a great enemy like you
For sure?
So angry that he had to be pumped to death
Xiaofan no
Did you offend someone outside?
Is it Huang Ying?
Huang Ying found a rich second generation
Want to fuck me
So I have to do it first?
It's the bastard surnamed Huang
Come on, don't worry.
Son has his own measure
Please help me prepare well.
My marriage to Cher will do
Don't worry, we can't lose anyone to Cher.
By the way, Xu Chao just happened to take me into the city gate
I want to put my stock subscription certificate on me.
Find a competition in the city
Hand it all out
It just so happens that my dad knows a mortgage guy
I'll take you there.